Title: Sentiment Analysis with DistilBERT Using PyTorch and Transformers

Introduction:

This code demonstrates the process of performing sentiment analysis using the DistilBERT model with PyTorch and the Hugging Face Transformers library. 
Sentiment analysis involves classifying text data into predefined sentiment categories, such as positive, negative, or neutral. 
The code includes data loading, preprocessing, model training, evaluation, and reporting.

Libraries Used:

- `pandas`: Used for data manipulation and storage.
- `numpy`: Provides support for numerical operations.
- `sklearn.model_selection`: Utilized for splitting the dataset into training and testing sets.
- `transformers`: Used for loading pre-trained DistilBERT model and tokenizer.
- `torch`: The PyTorch library for deep learning.
- `torch.utils.data`: Helps in creating custom datasets and dataloaders.
- `sklearn.metrics`: Used for generating a classification report.

Data Loading:

The code first attempts to read data from a CSV file with various encoding options (`utf-8`, `latin-1`, `iso-8859-1`, `cp1252`) to handle potential Unicode decoding errors. 
Once successfully decoded, the data is loaded into a pandas DataFrame called `df`.

Data Preprocessing:

1. The column containing text data (`selected_text`) is specified.
2. Non-string elements in the selected column are converted to strings.
3. The dataset is split into training and testing sets using the `train_test_split` function from `sklearn.model_selection`.

Model Setup:

The DistilBERT model and tokenizer are initialized using Hugging Face Transformers. 
The model is configured for sequence classification with a number of labels equal to the unique sentiments in the dataset.

Tokenization:

The text data is tokenized using the DistilBERT tokenizer. 
Tokenization involves breaking the text into smaller units (tokens) and padding/truncating to ensure a consistent input length. 
Tokenized data is converted into PyTorch tensors.

Label Encoding:

Sentiment labels are mapped to numeric values using a label map, which assigns a unique numeric value to each sentiment category.

Data Loaders:

PyTorch `DataLoader` objects are created for both the training and testing datasets. Data is loaded in batches to facilitate model training and evaluation.

Model Training:

The code trains the DistilBERT model for a specified number of epochs. 
In each epoch, the training data is processed in batches. 
The model's parameters are updated using the AdamW optimizer, and the loss is calculated. 
The loss is printed at the end of each epoch.

Model Evaluation:

After training, the model is put in evaluation mode. 
Predictions are made on the test data, and the true labels are collected. 
The code generates a classification report, which includes metrics such as precision, recall, F1-score, and support for each sentiment class.

Classification Report:

The classification report provides a detailed summary of the model's performance on the test data. 
It includes metrics for each sentiment class, such as precision, recall, F1-score, and support. 
These metrics help assess how well the model is performing in classifying sentiments.
Classification Report:
              precision    recall  f1-score   support

    positive       1.00      1.00      1.00        33
    negative       0.96      0.80      0.87        30
     neutral       0.90      0.98      0.94        54

    accuracy                           0.94       117
   macro avg       0.95      0.93      0.94       117
weighted avg       0.94      0.94      0.94       117

Conclusion:

This code demonstrates how to perform sentiment analysis using the DistilBERT model with PyTorch and Transformers. 
It covers data loading, preprocessing, model setup, training, evaluation, and reporting, making it a comprehensive example for sentiment analysis tasks. 
Adjustments can be made to hyperparameters and model architecture as needed for specific applications.